I have a tale.
I am Bacchus, and I am property of the honorable sir Francis Nicholls of Mansura. I was born in the fields on which I work and I was a strong and reliable worker, and my master placed me in charge of five other slaves and I delivered many harvests of cotton and sugar. My father was a carpenter, and he made furniture and tools for the household, and my mother served Arthur Nicholls, the master's son.
My master's property spanned several acres along the Coulee Noire. We lived in wood cabins near the water and we slept on straw mats in rows of five with a fire to keep us warm. Further inland was my master's estate, and behind the estate the cotton fields stretched to the shore, and above us on the other side of the river rose a hill that towered over the plantation at the top of which stood a castle with high ramparts of white stone. My father often stared at it, and whenever I asked him he told me he was searching for the angels and the saints and the holy martyrs. But I did not know who lived there or indeed if anyone lived there, for we were not allowed to leave the property.
My tale begins when one day a messenger came across the water. It was autumn and the ground was golden and it was cold and clear, and cotton dotted the fields like snow. The master had gathered the members of his household and was waiting by the shore. We went about our work, but often paused to gaze curiously down at the water.
A little past noon, a small boat landed on the shore of the plantation. My master tied the rigging to the dock and bowed, and a woman in a white dress stepped off the boat, her white-gloved hands holding up the corners of her skirt, and she laughed and shook my master's hand and the hands of the rest of the household one by one. She was tall and graceful, with a sparkling, silver voice.
"Lord Nicholls," she said. "You must allow us to stay for tea."
The master held out his arm and she took it and they walked together up the dusty path through the fields to the estate. My mother and some of the other household servants held straw parasols, and under their shade trailed the master's wife and son and a large man in a grey uniform with a sabre at his waist and a parcel in his hands wrapped in silver cloth.
"And really," she said, "you can't see a thing from the Castle. But the fields are so much prettier this side of the river."
